2023 IEEE Visualization and Visual Analytics (VIS), Melbourne, Australia, October 21-27, 2023.
Welcome Message from the VIS 2023 General Chairs.
Gridded Glyphmaps for Supporting Spatial COVID-19 Modelling.
Topological Analysis and Approximate Identification of Leading Lines in Artworks Based on Discrete Morse Theory.
Effects of data distribution and granularity on color semantics for colormap data visualizations.
Let's Get Vysical: Perceptual Accuracy in Visual & Tactile Encodings.
MinMaxLTTB: Leveraging MinMax-Preselection to Scale LTTB.
Do You Trust What You See? Toward A Multidimensional Measure of Trust in Visualization.
reVISit: Supporting Scalable Evaluation of Interactive Visualizations.
Augmented Reality as a Visualization Technique for Scholarly Publications in Astronomy: An Empirical Evaluation.
Comparing Morse Complexes Using Optimal Transport: An Experimental Study.
Projection Ensemble: Visualizing the Robust Structures of Multidimensional Projections.
Visualizing Query Traversals Over Bounding Volume Hierarchies Using Treemaps.
Visual Analsyis of Large Multi-Field AMR Data on GPUs Using Interactive Volume Lines.
GeneticFlow: Exploring Scholar Impact with Interactive Visualization.
Visualizing Similarity of Pathline Dynamics in 2D Flow Fields.
Evaluation of cinematic volume rendering open-source and commercial solutions for the exploration of congenital heart data.
ExoplanetExplorer: Contextual Visualization of Exoplanet Systems.
A Visualization System for Hexahedral Mesh Quality Study.
What Exactly is an Insight? A Literature Review.
WhaleVis: Visualizing the History of Commercial Whaling.
The Role of Visualization in Genomics Data Analysis Workflows: The Interviews.
Vis-SPLIT: Interactive Hierarchical Modeling for mRNA Expression Classification.
Enabling Multimodal User Interactions for Genomics Visualization Creation.
Simulating the Geometric Growth of the Marine Sponge Crella Incrustans.
How "Applied" is Fifteen Years of VAST conference?
CLEVER: A Framework for Connecting Lived Experiences with Visualisation of Electronic Records.
Design of an Ecological Visual Analytics Interface for Operators of Time-Constant Processes.
Taken By Surprise? Evaluating how Bayesian Surprise & Suppression Influences Peoples' Takeaways in Map Visualizations.
Towards Autocomplete Strategies for Visualization Construction.
Indy Survey Tool: A Framework to Unearth Correlations in Survey Data.
Data in the Wind: Evaluating Multiple-Encoding Design for Particle Motion Visualizations.
Fast Fiber Line Extraction for 2D Bivariate Scalar Fields.
Show Me My Users: A Dashboard Visualizing User Interaction Logs.
What Is the Difference Between a Mountain and a Molehill? Quantifying Semantic Labeling of Visual Features in Line Charts.
Draco 2: An Extensible Platform to Model Visualization Design.
A Simple yet Useful Spiral Visualization of Large Graphs.
ProtoGraph: A Non-Expert Toolkit for Creating Animated Graphs.
Visual Validation versus Visual Estimation: A Study on the Average Value in Scatterplots.
Line Harp: Importance-Driven Sonification for Dense Line Charts.
Compact Phase Histograms for Guided Exploration of Periodicity.
ZADU: A Python Library for Evaluating the Reliability of Dimensionality Reduction Embeddings.
TimePool: Visually Answer "Which and When" Questions On Univariate Time Series.
"Two Heads are Better than One": Pair-Interviews for Visualization.
Quantifying the Impact of XR Visual Guidance on User Performance Using a Large-Scale Virtual Assembly Experiment.
Explain-and-Test: An Interactive Machine Learning Framework for Exploring Text Embeddings.
Concept Lens: Visually Analyzing the Consistency of Semantic Manipulation in GANs.
HAiVA: Hybrid AI-assisted Visual Analysis Framework to Study the Effects of Cloud Properties on Climate Patterns.
DATATALES: Investigating the use of Large Language Models for Authoring Data-Driven Articles.
Visualizing Linguistic Diversity of Text Datasets Synthesized by Large Language Models.
WUDA: Visualizing and Transforming Rotations in Real-Time with Quaternions and Smart Devices.
ScatterUQ: Interactive Uncertainty Visualizations for Multiclass Deep Learning Problems.
Combining Degree of Interest Functions and Progressive Visualization.