IEEE Virtual Reality and 3D User Interfaces, VR 2021, Lisbon, Portugal, March 27 - April 1, 2021.
Design and Evaluation of a Free-Hand VR-based Authoring Environment for Automated Vehicle Testing.
Unident: Providing Impact Sensations on Handheld Objects via High-Speed Change of the Rotational Inertia.
Promoting Reality Awareness in Virtual Reality through Proxemics.
Revealable Volume Displays: 3D Exploration of Mixed-Reality Public Exhibitions.
Toward Understanding the Effects of Virtual Character Appearance on Avoidance Movement Behavior.
Impossible Staircase: Vertically Real Walking in an Infinite Virtual Tower.
Climaxing VR Character with Scene-Aware Aesthetic Dress Synthesis.
The Embodiment of Photorealistic Avatars Influences Female Body Weight Perception in Virtual Reality.
Blink-Suppressed Hand Redirection.
The Effect of Pitch in Auditory Error Feedback for Fitts' Tasks in Virtual Reality Training Systems.
Detection Thresholds with Joint Horizontal and Vertical Gains in Redirected Jumping.
The influence of hand visualization in tool-based motor-skills training, a longitudinal study.
Realistic 3D Swept-Volume Display with Hidden-Surface Removal Using Physical Materials.
Augmented Reality for Maritime Navigation Assistance - Egocentric Depth Perception in Large Distance Outdoor Environments.
Diegetic Tool Management in a Virtual Reality Training Simulation.
Using Siamese Neural Networks to Perform Cross-System Behavioral Authentication in Virtual Reality.
Unscripted Retargeting: Reach Prediction for Haptic Retargeting in Virtual Reality.
Text2Gestures: A Transformer-Based Network for Generating Emotive Body Gestures for Virtual Agents**This work has been supported in part by ARO Grants W911NF1910069 and W911NF1910315, and Intel. Code and additional materials available at: https: //gamma.umd.edu/t2g.
Bidirectional Shadow Rendering for Interactive Mixed 360° Videos.
DSNet: Deep Shadow Network for Illumination Estimation.
Effects of Language Familiarity in Simulated Natural Dialogue with a Virtual Crowd of Digital Humans on Emotion Contagion in Virtual Reality.
Assessment of the Simulator Sickness Questionnaire for Omnidirectional Videos.
SuperPlane: 3D Plane Detection and Description from a Single Image.
Disocclusion Headlight for Selection Assistance in VR.
Stable Hand Pose Estimation under Tremor via Graph Neural Network.
Scene-Context-Aware Indoor Object Selection and Movement in VR.
VR-based Student Priming to Reduce Anxiety and Increase Cognitive Bandwidth.
Spatial Anchor Based Indoor Asset Tracking.
EncounteredLimbs: A Room-scale Encountered-type Haptic Presentation using Wearable Robotic Arms.
Work Surface Arrangement Optimization Driven by Human Activity.
Does Virtual Odor Representation Influence the Perception of Olfactory Intensity and Directionality in VR?
Visual Complexity and Scene Recognition: How Low Can You Go?
A VR/AR Environment for Multi-User Liver Anatomy Education.
Flashpen: A High-Fidelity and High-Precision Multi-Surface Pen for Virtual Reality.
Virtual Morality: Using Virtual Reality to Study Moral Behavior in Extreme Accident Situations.
The Impact of Avatar Appearance, Perspective and Context on Gait Variability and User Experience in Virtual Reality.
Egocentric Distance Judgments in Full-Cue Video-See-Through VR Conditions are No Better than Distance Judgments to Targets in a Void.
Spherical World in Miniature: Exploring the Tiny Planets Metaphor for Discrete Locomotion in Virtual Reality.
Proximity Effect Correction for Fresnel Holograms on Nanophotonic Phased Arrays.
BouncyScreen: Physical Enhancement of Pseudo-Force Feedback.
Using Fuzzy Logic to Involve Individual Differences for Predicting Cybersickness during VR Navigation.
The Impact of Implicit and Explicit Feedback on Performance and Experience during VR-Supported Motor Rehabilitation.
Magnoramas: Magnifying Dioramas for Precise Annotations in Asymmetric 3D Teleconsultation.
Using Virtual Reality to Support Acting in Motion Capture with Differently Scaled Characters.
Video Content Representation to Support the Hyper-reality Experience in Virtual Reality.
VR based Power Wheelchair Simulator: Usability Evaluation through a Clinically Validated Task with Regular Users.
Visualizing Planetary Spectroscopy through Immersive On-site Rendering.
Larger Step Faster Speed: Investigating Gesture-Amplitude-based Locomotion in Place with Different Virtual Walking Speed in Virtual Reality.
Walking Outside the Box: Estimation of Detection Thresholds for Non-Forward Steps.
Correction of Avatar Hand Movements Supports Learning of a Motor Skill.
Virtual Reality Public Speaking Training: Experimental Evaluation of Direct Feedback Technology Acceptance.
Towards Sneaking as a Playful Input Modality for Virtual Environments.
I Feel More Engaged When I Move!: Deep Learning-based Backward Movement Detection and its Application.
Evaluation of Body-centric Locomotion with Different Transfer Functions in Virtual Reality.
StuckInSpace: Exploring the Difference Between Two Different Mediums of Play in a Multi-Modal Virtual Reality Game.
The Impact of Virtual Reality and Viewpoints in Body Motion Based Drone Teleoperation.
TapID: Rapid Touch Interaction in Virtual Reality using Wearable Sensing.
Sensemaking Strategies with Immersive Space to Think.
Disturbance and Plausibility in a Virtual Rock Concert: A Pilot Study.
The Most Social Platform Ever? A Survey about Activities & Motives of Social VR Users.
DreamStore: A Data Platform for Enabling Shared Augmented Reality.
VR-Spy: A Side-Channel Attack on Virtual Key-Logging in VR Headsets.
Passing a Non-verbal Turing Test: Evaluatina Gesture Animations Generated from Speech.
Head Up Visualization of Spatial Sound Sources in Virtual Reality for Deaf and Hard-of-Hearing People.
Multi-modal Spatial Object Localization in Virtual Reality for Deaf and Hard-of-Hearing People.
Exploiting Object-of-Interest Information to Understand Attention in VR Classrooms.
Empirically Evaluating the Effects of Perceptual Information Channels on the Size Perception of Tangibles in Near-Field Virtual Reality.
Mobile. Egocentric Human Body Motion Reconstruction Using Only Eyeglasses-mounted Cameras and a Few Body-worn Inertial Sensors.
Dynamic Density-based Redirected Walking Towards Multi-user Virtual Environments.
Comparative Evaluation of Digital Writing and Art in Real and Immersive Virtual Environments.
The Effects of Cognitive Load on Engagement in a Virtual Reality Learning Environment.
Adjusting Relative Translation Gains According to Space Size in Redirected Walking for Mixed Reality Mutual Space Generation.
Exploring Input Approximations for Control Panels in Virtual Reality.
Camera Space Synthesis of Motion Effects Emphasizing a Moving Object in 4D films.
Don't Worry be Happy - Using virtual environments to induce emotional states measured by subjective scales and heart rate parameters.
Who Are Virtual Reality Headset Owners? A Survey and Comparison of Headset Owners and Non-Owners.
Influence of Interactivity and Social Environments on User Experience and Social Acceptability in Virtual Reality.
DCGH: Dynamic Computer Generated Holography for Speckle-Free, High Fidelity 3D Displays.
Story CreatAR: a Toolkit for Spatially-Adaptive Augmented Reality Storytelling.
Optimal Time Window for the Integration of Spatial Audio-Visual Information in Virtual Environments.
Comparing the Neuro-Physiological Effects of Cinematic Virtual Reality with 2D Monitors.
VR System for the Restoration of Broken Cultural Artifacts on the Example of a Funerary Monument.
Freehand Grasping: An Analysis of Grasping for Docking Tasks in Virtual Reality.
Do we still need physical monitors? An evaluation of the usability of AR virtual monitors for productivity work.
Evaluating the Potential of Glanceable AR Interfaces for Authentic Everyday Uses.
Evaluating Object Manipulation Interaction Techniques in Mixed Reality: Tangible User Interfaces and Gesture.
Revisiting Distance Perception with Scaled Embodied Cues in Social Virtual Reality.
The Effect of Feedback on Estimates of Reaching Ability in Virtual Reality.
A Rate-based Drone Control with Adaptive Origin Update in Telexistence.
Temporal Availability of Ebbinghaus Illusions on Perceiving and Interacting with 3D Objects in a Contextual Virtual Environment.
Mid-Air Finger Sketching for Tree Modeling.
Learning Acoustic Scattering Fields for Dynamic Interactive Sound Propagation.