IEEE Conference Virtual Reality and 3D User Interfaces, VR 2023, Shanghai, China, March 25-29, 2023.
Keynote Speaker: Reconstructing Reality: From Physical World to Virtual Environments.
Keynote Speaker: Digital Humans in Virtual Environment.
IEEE VR 2023 Message from the Program Chairs.
Keynote Speaker: Immersive Video Reality - Technology, Standard and Application.
IEEE VR 2023 Steering Committee Message.
Creating Virtual AI Beings.
VGTC Virtual Reality Lifetime Achievement Award.
Measuring the Effect of Stereo Deficiencies on Peripersonal Space Pointing.
VGTC Virtual Reality Service Award.
RemoteTouch: Enhancing Immersive 3D Video Communication with Hand Touch.
iARVis: Mobile AR Based Declarative Information Visualization Authoring, Exploring and Sharing.
Exploring 3D Interaction with Gaze Guidance in Augmented Reality.
Investigating Spatial Representation of Learning Content in Virtual Reality Learning Environments.
Delta Path Tracing for Real-Time Global Illumination in Mixed Reality.
Redirected Walking Based on Historical User Walking Data.
Level-of-Detail AR: Dynamically Adjusting Augmented Reality Level of Detail Based on Visual Angle.
Volumetric Avatar Reconstruction with Spatio-Temporally Offset RGBD Cameras.
I'm Transforming! Effects of Visual Transitions to Change of Avatar on the Sense of Embodiment in AR.
An EEG-based Experiment on VR Sickness and Postural Instability While Walking in Virtual Environments.
Real-Time Recognition of In-Place Body Actions and Head Gestures using Only a Head-Mounted Display.
How Do I Get There? Overcoming Reachability Limitations of Constrained Industrial Environments in Augmented Reality Applications.
Tell Me Where To Go: Voice-Controlled Hands-Free Locomotion for Virtual Reality Systems.
CompenHR: Efficient Full Compensation for High-resolution Projector.
Remapping Control in VR for Patients with AMD.
Comparing Visual Attention with Leading and Following Virtual Agents in a Collaborative Perception-Action Task in VR.
Style-aware Augmented Virtuality Embeddings (SAVE).
CaV3: Cache-assisted Viewport Adaptive Volumetric Video Streaming.
Evoking empathy with visually impaired people through an augmented reality embodiment experience.
Investigating Noticeable Hand Redirection in Virtual Reality using Physiological and Interaction Data.
Power, Performance, and Image Quality Tradeoffs in Foveated Rendering.
Wind comfort and emotion can be changed by the cross-modal presentation of audio-visual stimuli of indoor and outdoor environments.
Lightweight Scene-aware Rain Sound Simulation for Interactive Virtual Environments.
A Compact Photochromic Occlusion Capable See-through Display with Holographic Lenses.
Continuous VR Weight Illusion by Combining Adaptive Trigger Resistance and Control-Display Ratio Manipulation.
Simultaneous Scene-independent Camera Localization and Category-level Object Pose Estimation via Multi-level Feature Fusion.
Design and Development of a Mixed Reality Acupuncture Training System.
Providing 3D Guidance and Improving the Music-Listening Experience in Virtual Reality Shooting Games Using Musical Vibrotactile Feedback.
Animation Fidelity in Self-Avatars: Impact on User Performance and Sense of Agency.
CoboDeck: A Large-Scale Haptic VR System Using a Collaborative Mobile Robot.
Empirically Evaluating the Effects of Eye Height and Self-Avatars on Dynamic Passability Affordances in Virtual Reality.
AR-MoCap: Using Augmented Reality to Support Motion Capture Acting.
Exploring Neural Biomarkers in Young Adults Resistant to VR Motion Sickness: A Pilot Study of EEG.
Optimizing Product Placement for Virtual Stores.
Fully Automatic Blendshape Generation for Stylized Characters.
Where to Render: Studying Renderability for IBR of Large-Scale Scenes.
WARPY: Sketching Environment-Aware 3D Curves in Mobile Augmented Reality.
Enhancing the Reading Experience on AR HMDs by Using Smartphones as Assistive Displays.
Towards an Understanding of Distributed Asymmetric Collaborative Visualization on Problem-solving.
Manipulation of Motion Parallax Gain Distorts Perceived Distance and Object Depth in Virtual Reality.
A Large-Scale Study of Proxemics and Gaze in Groups.
Realistic Defocus Blur for Multiplane Computer-Generated Holography.
Examining the Fine Motor Control Ability of Linear Hand Movement in Virtual Reality.
MAGIC: Manipulating Avatars and Gestures to Improve Remote Collaboration.
Extended Depth-of-Field Projector using Learned Diffractive Optics.
Toward Intuitive Acquisition of Occluded VR Objects Through an Interactive Disocclusion Mini-map.
Locomotion-aware Foveated Rendering.
Cross-View Visual Geo-Localization for Outdoor Augmented Reality.
Virtual Optical Bench: Teaching Spherical Lens Layout in VR with Real-Time Ray Tracing.
SCP-SLAM: Accelerating DynaSLAM With Static Confidence Propagation.
Exploring the Effects of Augmented Reality Notification Type and Placement in AR HMD while Walking.
AR Interfaces for Disocclusion - A Comparative Study.
A study of the influence of AR on the perception, comprehension and projection levels of situation awareness.
Persuasive Vibrations: Effects of Speech-Based Vibrations on Persuasion, Leadership, and Co-Presence During Verbal Communication in VR.
You Make Me Sick! The Effect of Stairs on Presence, Cybersickness, and Perception of Embodied Conversational Agents.
Exploring the Social Influence of Virtual Humans Unintentionally Conveying Conflicting Emotions.
HoloBeam: Paper-Thin Near-Eye Displays.
A Haptic Stimulation-Based Training Method to Improve the Quality of Motor Imagery EEG Signal in VR.
Proposal for an aerial display using dynamic projection mapping on a distant flying screen.
LiteVR: Interpretable and Lightweight Cybersickness Detection using Explainable AI.
Exploring Enhancements towards Gaze Oriented Parallel Views in Immersive Tasks.
Investigating Guardian Awareness Techniques to Promote Safety in Virtual Reality.
Virtual Reality in Supporting Charitable Giving: The Role of Vicarious Experience, Existential Guilt, and Need for Stimulation.
Scaling VR Video Conferencing.
Like a Rolling Stone: Effects of Space Deformation During Linear Acceleration on Slope Perception and Cybersickness.
Comparing Scatterplot Variants for Temporal Trends Visualization in Immersive Virtual Environments.
Designing Viewpoint Transition Techniques in Multiscale Virtual Environments.
MoPeDT: A Modular Head-Mounted Display Toolkit to Conduct Peripheral Vision Research.