IEEE Conference Virtual Reality and 3D User Interfaces, VR 2025, Saint Malo, France, March 8-12, 2025.
Exploring Large Language Model-Driven Agents for Environment-Aware Spatial Interactions and Conversations in Virtual Reality Role-Play Scenarios.
Mixed Reality and Real-Time X-Ray Simulation in Vet Radiography Training: A User-Centered Comparative Study.
Investigating the Influence of Playback Interactivity during Guided Tours for Asynchronous Collaboration in Virtual Reality.
Adaptive 360-Degree Video Streaming with Super-Resolution and Interpolation.
Virtual teleoperation performance under load factor in real flight.
Optimizing Moving Target Selection in VR by Integrating Proximity-Based Feedback Types and Modalities.
When Flames Feel Real in Augmented Reality: Effects of Plausibility and Placement of Virtual Flames on the Burning Hand Illusion and Physiological Responses.
Movement- and Traffic-based User Identification in Commercial Virtual Reality Applications: Threats and Opportunities.
'Age Isn't Just a Number': Effects of Virtual Human Age and Gender on Persuasion, Social Presence and Influence in Interpersonal Social Encounters in VR.
Predicting Ray Pointer Landing Poses in VR Using Multimodal LSTM-Based Neural Networks.
Exploring the Influence of Interpersonal Relationships on Gamification Preferences in Collaborative IVR Environments.
Intuitive Visual Feedback in Virtual Reality for the Teleoperation of Robots.
Enhancing Plant Variety Discovery Process with Visual Trait Assessment in VR.
Performance and ergonomics of automated versus manual validation for AR-supervised industrial operations.
Single Actor Controlling Multiple Avatars for Social Virtual Realities.
Reduction of Motion Complexity as an Objective Indicator of Cybersickness in Virtual Reality.
Shaping the Future of VR Hand Interactions: Lessons Learned from Modern Methods.
Synthesizing Six Years of AR/VR Research: A Systematic Review of Machine and Deep Learning Applications.
Spatial Bar: Exploring Window Switching Techniques for Large Virtual Displays.
On Virtual Pointing Rays and Motion Artefacts.
Analyzing Multimodal Interaction Strategies for LLM-Assisted Manipulation of 3D Scenes.
Exploring the Uncoordinated Privacy Protections of Eye Tracking and VR Motion Data for Unauthorized User Identification.
Exploring Multiscale Navigation of Homogeneous and Dense Objects with Progressive Refinement in Virtual Reality.
No More Head-Turning: Exploring Passthrough Techniques for Addressing Rear Interruptions from the Front in VR.
From Picks to Pixels: An Exploration of Virtual Reality in Geoscience Education.
Privacy-Enabled Parallax Display.
Color Correction for Occlusion-Capable Optical See-Through Head-Mounted Displays by Using Phase-Modulation.
Evaluating Dynamic Delivery of Audio+Visual Message Notifications in XR.
Observations on Virtual Reality Avatar Alignment with Research Participants' Skin Tone and Gender.
The Impact of Avatar Clothing on the Proteus Effect and Stereotype Threat.
Comparing Absolute Size Perception in Optical See-Through Augmented Reality and Real World Viewing Using Verbal and Physical Judgments.
Semantics-Controlled Gaussian Splatting for Outdoor Scene Reconstruction and Rendering in Virtual Reality.
Daddy Long Legs: A Scale and Speed Up Virtual Reality Locomotion Technique for Medium-scale Scenarios.
Automatic Generation of Haptic Motion Effects Expressing Human Dance.
Slim Diffractive Waveguide Glasses for Beaming Displays with Enhanced Head Orientation Tolerance.
Complex VEs on All-In-One VR Headsets Through Continuous From-Segment Visibility Computation.
XRXL: A System for Immersive Visualization in Large Lectures.
A Dual-Stick Controller for Enhancing Raycasting Interactions with Virtual Objects.
Immersive Tailoring of Embodied Agents Using Large Language Models.
Cost-effective Tangible Rehearsal Interface for Microsurgical Clipping of Intracranial Aneurysm.
Exploring Worker-Drone Interaction in Mixed Reality: Balancing Distraction and Situational Awareness.
VF-Lens: Enhancing Visual Perception of Visually Impaired Users in VR via Adversarial Learning with Visual Field Attention.
MagicScroll: Enhancing Immersive Storytelling with Controllable Scroll Image Generation.
Implicit Learning of Professional Skills through Immersive Virtual Reality: a Media Comparison Study.
Perceptually-Guided Acoustic "Foveation".
SRBF-Gaussian: Streaming-Optimized 3D Gaussian Splatting.
May The Force be With You: Cloning Distant Objects to Improve Medium-Field Interactions in Augmented Reality.
Silo: Half-Gigapixel Cylindrical Stereoscopic Immersive Display.
Redirected Drawing: Expanding the Perceived Canvas Size in VR.
Presenting Tingling Aftereffects Using Vibro-Thermal Feedback to Enhance Impact Sensation in Virtual Reality.
Misperception of the distance of virtual augmentations.
Comparative Evaluation of Differing Levels of Information Presentation in 3D Mini-Maps on Spatial Knowledge Acquisition in VR.
Interpupillary to Inter-Camera Distance of Video See-Through AR and its Impact on Depth Perception.
Follow Me: Confirmation-based Group Navigation in Collocated Virtual Reality.
Immersive Analytics for Understanding Ecosystem Services Data.
Influence of Audiovisual Realism on Communication Behaviour in Group-to-Group Telepresence.
A Comparison Study Understanding the Impact of Mixed Reality Collaboration on Sense of Co-Presence.
Children's Calibration of Reaching Estimates in Virtual Reality.
Investigating the Impact of Voice-only and Embodied Conversational Virtual Agents on Mixed Reality Puzzle Solving.
Evaluating the Impact of Immersiveness in Virtual Reality Simulations on Anxiety Reduction for MRI Procedures: A Preliminary Study.
"Just stop doing everything for now!": Understanding security attacks in remote collaborative mixed reality.
Omnidirectional VR Treadmills Walking Techniques: Comparing Walking-in-Place and Sliding vs Natural Walking.
Transtiff: A Stylus-shaped Interface for Rendering Perceived Stiffness of Virtual Objects via Stylus Stiffness Control.
AdaptiveCoPilot: Design and Testing of a NeuroAdaptive LLM Cockpit Guidance System in both Novice and Expert Pilots.
When Fear Overshadows Perceived Plausibility: The Influence of Incongruencies on Acrophobia in VR.
Designing VR Music Game for Stress Reduction.
Comparing Vibrotactile and Skin-Stretch Haptic Feedback for Conveying Spatial Information of Virtual Objects to Blind VR Users.
MRUCT: Mixed Reality Assistance for Acupuncture Guided by Ultrasonic Computed Tomography.
EmBARDiment: an Embodied AI Agent for Productivity in XR.
Effects of Embodiment and Personality in LLM-Based Conversational Agents.
The Reliability and Validity of the Avatar Embodiment Questionnaire.
CoordAuth: Hands-Free Two-Factor Authentication in Virtual Reality Leveraging Head-Eye Coordination.
VirtuEleDent: A Compact XR Tooth-Cutting Training System Using a Physical EMR-based Dental Handpiece and Teeth Model.
Cognitive Load Inference Using Physiological Markers in Virtual Reality.
Beyond the Phone: Exploring Phone-XR Integration through Multi-View Transitions for Real-World Applications.