IEEE Conference on Virtual Reality and 3D User Interfaces, VR 2022, Christchurch, New Zealand, March 12-16, 2022.
Bullet Comments for 360°Video.
Investigating how speech and animation realism influence the perceived personality of virtual characters and agents.
Exploring and Selecting Supershapes in Virtual Reality with Line, Quad, and Cube Shaped Widgets.
The Virtual Production Studio Concept - An Emerging Game Changer in Filmmaking.
An improved augmented-reality method of inserting virtual objects into the scene with transparent objects.
SivsFormer: Parallax-Aware Transformers for Single-image-based View Synthesis.
Visual Fidelity Effects on Expressive Self-avatar in Virtual Reality: First Impressions Matter.
Galea: A physiological sensing system for behavioral research in Virtual Environments.
Do You Notice Me? How Bystanders Affect the Cognitive Load in Virtual Reality.
Tapping with a Handheld Stick in VR: Redirection Detection Thresholds for Passive Haptic Feedback.
Exploring the Design Space for Immersive Embodiment in Dance.
Asymmetric Lateral Field-of-View Restriction to Mitigate Cybersickness During Virtual Turns.
STROE: An Ungrounded String-Based Weight Simulation Device.
The Influence of Environmental Lighting on Size Variations in Optical See-through Tangible Augmented Reality.
LevelEd SR: A Substitutional Reality Level Design Workflow.
Effects of Field of View on Dynamic Out-of-View Target Search in Virtual Reality.
Mixed Reality Co-Design for Indigenous Culture Preservation & Continuation.
Empathic AuRea: Exploring the Effects of an Augmented Reality Cue for Emotional Sharing Across Three Face-to-Face Tasks.
Foldable Spaces: An Overt Redirection Approach for Natural Walking in Virtual Reality.
The Potential of VR-based Tactical Resource Planning on Spatial Data.
Within or Between? Comparing Experimental Designs for Virtual Embodiment Studies.
Inducing Emotional Stress From The Intensive Care Context Using Storytelling In VR.
Body Warping Versus Change Blindness Remapping: A Comparison of Two Approaches to Repurposing Haptic Proxies for Virtual Reality.
Evaluating Visual Cues for Future Airborne Surveillance Using Simulated Augmented Reality Displays.
Design and Evaluation of Travel and Orientation Techniques for Desk VR.
Empirical Evaluation of Calibration and Long-term Carryover Effects of Reverberation on Egocentric Auditory Depth Perception in VR.
The Smell Engine: A system for artificial odor synthesis in virtual environments.
Using Speech to Visualise Shared Gaze Cues in MR Remote Collaboration.
2D versus 3D: A Comparison of Needle Navigation Concepts between Augmented Reality Display Devices.
Research Trends in Virtual Reality Locomotion Techniques.
The Stare-in-the-Crowd Effect in Virtual Reality.
Virtual Reality Observations: Using Virtual Reality to Augment Lab-Based Shoulder Surfing Research.
Can I Borrow Your ATM? Using Virtual Reality for (Simulated) In Situ Authentication Research.
Virtual Humans with Pets and Robots: Exploring the Influence of Social Priming on One's Perception of a Virtual Human.
Continuous Transformation Superposition for Visual Comfort Enhancement of Casual Stereoscopic Photography.
Investigating the Effects of Leading and Following Behaviors of Virtual Humans in Collaborative Fine Motor Tasks in Virtual Reality.
An Evaluation of Native versus Foreign Communicative Interactions on Users' Behavioral Reactions towards Affective Virtual Crowds.
Exploring Presence, Avatar Embodiment, and Body Perception with a Holographic Augmented Reality Mirror.
"Let's Meet and Work it Out": Understanding and Mitigating Encountered-Type of Haptic Devices Failure Modes in VR.
Reconstructing 3D Virtual Face with Eye Gaze from a Single Image.
Effects of Virtual Room Size and Objects on Relative Translation Gain Thresholds in Redirected Walking.
The Potential of Augmented Reality for Digital Twins: A Literature Review.
Real-Time Gaze Tracking with Event-Driven Eye Segmentation.
Combining Real-World Constraints on User Behavior with Deep Neural Networks for Virtual Reality (VR) Biometrics.
ENI: Quantifying Environment Compatibility for Natural Walking in Virtual Reality.
You're in for a Bumpy Ride! Uneven Terrain Increases Cybersickness While Navigating with Head Mounted Displays.
Validating the Benefits of Glanceable and Context-Aware Augmented Reality for Everyday Information Access Tasks.
HoloLogger: Keystroke Inference on Mixed Reality Head Mounted Displays.
The Effect of Virtual Humans Making Verbal Communication Mistakes on Learners' Perspectives of their Credibility, Reliability, and Trustworthiness.
RedirectedDoors: Redirection While Opening Doors in Virtual Reality.
Simulating Olfactory Cocktail Party Effect in VR: A Multi-odor Display Approach Based on Attention.
Interactive Mixed Reality Rendering on Holographic Pyramid.
Eye Tracking-based LSTM for Locomotion Prediction in VR.
Supporting Playful Rehabilitation in the Home using Virtual Reality Headsets and Force Feedback Gloves.
Evaluating Perceptional Tasks for Medicine: A Comparative User Study Between a Virtual Reality and a Desktop Application.
The Chaotic Behavior of Redirection - Revisiting Simulations in Redirected Walking.
SPAA: Stealthy Projector-based Adversarial Attacks on Deep Image Classifiers.
Content Presentation on 3D Augmented Reality Windshield Displays in the Context of Automated Driving.
Sparse Nanophotonic Phased Arrays for Energy-Efficient Holographic Displays.
Temporal Effects in Motion Behavior for Virtual Reality (VR) Biometrics.
An Evaluation of Virtual Reality Maintenance Training for Industrial Hydraulic Machines.
Structured Light of Flickering Patterns Having Different Frequencies for a Projector-Event-Camera System.
A Comparison of Spatial Augmented Reality Predictive Cues and their Effects on Sleep Deprived Users.
TimeTables: Embodied Exploration of Immersive Spatio-Temporal Data.
Distortion-free Mid-air Image Inside Refractive Surface and on Reflective Surface.
Supporting Jury Understanding of Expert Evidence in a Virtual Environment.
Shape Aware Haptic Retargeting for Accurate Hand Interactions.
PseudoJumpOn: Jumping onto Steps in Virtual Reality.
Solitary Jogging with A Virtual Runner using Smartglasses.
Optimal Pose Guided Redirected Walking with Pose Score Precomputation.
360 Depth Estimation in the Wild - the Depth360 Dataset and the SegFuse Network.
Virtual Workspace Positioning Techniques during Teleportation for Co-located Collaboration in Virtual Reality using HMDs.
Answering With Bow and Arrow: Questionnaires and VR Blend Without Distorting the Outcome.
Systematic Design Space Exploration of Discrete Virtual Rotations in VR.
Exploring Pseudo-Weight in Augmented Reality Extended Displays.
Kicking in Virtual Reality: The Influence of Foot Visibility on the Shooting Experience and Accuracy.
Spatial Updating in Virtual Reality - Auditory and Visual Cues in a Cave Automatic Virtual Environment.
How to Take a Brake from Embodied Locomotion - Seamless Status Control Methods for Seated Leaning Interfaces.
All Shook Up: The Impact of Floor Vibration in Symmetric and Asymmetric Immersive Multi-user VR Gaming Experiences.
Metameric Varifocal Holograms.
Rectangular Mapping-based Foveated Rendering.
A Keylogging Inference Attack on Air-Tapping Keyboards in Virtual Environments.
Audience Experiences of a Volumetric Virtual Reality Music Video.
Auditory Feedback for Standing Balance Improvement in Virtual Reality.
Depth Perception in Augmented Reality: The Effects of Display, Shadow, and Position.
User Preference for Navigation Instructions in Mixed Reality.
Tangiball: Foot-Enabled Embodied Tangible Interaction with a Ball in Virtual Reality.
Evaluating the Impact of Limited Physical Space on the Navigation Performance of Two Locomotion Methods in Immersive Virtual Environments.
GazeDock: Gaze-Only Menu Selection in Virtual Reality using Auto-Triggering Peripheral Menu.
Redirecting Desktop Interface Input to Animate Cross-Reality Avatars.